+ Where are you born?
+ Where did you have your education?
+ Your working history?
+ Your family?
+ Your personal hobbies?

I was born in Linyi in 1988, a city which is famous for business.

I graduated from Beijing University of Technology , with the major of Electronic Commence in 2006.

After my graduation, I joined Infosys China, which is one of the top software outsourcing company in the word. My position,Quality Engineer, 
after finished one project in China, I was send to the Bangalore in India, the headquarters of Infosys to have two months performance testing
training, after I come back from India, I was promoted to be a team leader of a performance testing project. 

Then, for some reason , I changed my job to antoher company,SAP Labs China, and took the position of Quality Management Specialist in Shanghai.
My responsibility is to build the brand, promote sales, conduct marketing programs, and maintain publish relations.

Last year, I made the decision to pursue a MBA degree. I did this because I felt more and more desired to improve my knowledge and abilities
as my job becomes increasingly challenging.

Last year, I made the decision to pursue a MBA degree. I did this because I desired to make a career change.

I'm married now, I got a nice husband and a loving lit.

I'm still single, because I want to develop my career.

## 你的长处和短处是什么
Your own strengths:

I'm a fast learn thins very fast, and I can time;

I have good analytical and problem solving skills, which will help me a lot during my MBA; I have a potential of managerment and leadership, which was demonstrated and recognized in my company, but I still want to get it improved systematically in Jiaotong University.

Your own weaknesses:
Talking about my weakness, I think I should work on my management ability. You know, I have a technical background, so sometimes I have problem to manage things and allocate resources properly, assign, people with tasks, or keep things under control. That's eager to improve xxxx management in this MBA program.

## 在空余时间有什么爱好
There are a lot of things that I do in my free time. As people say, all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy, and I perfectly understand the importand the importance of relaxation after work.

I like sports very much and football is my biggest favor with my mates on weekends, and keep running around the ground for a 
few hours. It makes me physically stronger and totally refreshed.

I also like reading much. Not too many people today can really sit down and read a book for more than 2hours every day. But as I think , reading is a rewarding hobby, as it can make you mentally smarter.

One more thing, I like to travel around. I enjoy talking to new people and get to know new customs and places.

###核心句型，因果逻辑
+ My biggest hobby is sports, because it can make m physically stronger.
+ Traveling i my biggest hobby because.....
+ I also like computer games a lot , because ....

## 为什么以前曾经辞职
Well, I think there are many reasons why I quit job 2 years ago from Sony to Samsung.

First of all, the incentive system in Sony was not very good. I mean , personal benefits are not closely related to ones work performance, so people would lack motivation wo work hard; 

Another reason is that there was limited room for my further carreer development. My goal was to become the CFO in a giant company, but the opportunity was slim in Sony;

The last reason was that the job was not exactly that I liked most. In fact, I prefer a bit more challenging job, but my work in Sony was a little routine, and my interests and abilities could not be fully put into play.

Whatever the reason, I'm Sony,stillwhich hadthankfulofferedme a tovery good oppotunity to develop my abilities and improve management skills.

## 过去工作中最大的成就是什么？
Actually, my past work experience is a chain of failures and achievements!

Yet, talking about the biggest achievement , I think it was troubled with high operating cost and low delivery effiency. In order to make the situation better, I worked with my mates the Information System for half a year, and also brought forward our plans of how to better our warehouses and deliveries.

The job was well done, and we successfully cut operating cost by 20%. It was because of this that I was promoted to the Vice president of this company.

+ Talking about my biggest achievement , I think it was ____ when I was____
+ The company is troubled with ____
+ To make the situation better, we ____
+ We successfully ____

## 你的上司和同事如何评价你
I guess would say about me like this:"Samuel? He is worked a good guy, He is very hard and his work performance was always good. He always fulfilled the objectives effiently and he had made great contribution to the frowth of our conpany. His teamwork ability was perfect, and he knew how to cooperate with others go ge job done.  He was creative, flexible and adaptive. Last he had good infinity and human skills, and communication ability is great."

As to my mates, I think we have good relations both in the office and after work. To them, I'm an amicable friend to get along with a humorous
 
 ## 结婚了吗, 有没有孩子？ 简要介绍一下你的家庭
 There are 4 members In my family: father, monther, my sister and I. My father is a government official in Reform and Development Committee. He has been working on his position for years and has devoted himself so much to the economic progress of my hometown. My monther has retired because pf her health. I also have an elder sister who is working in Commercial Bank. I'm lucky that I have such a warm they've given me so much unconditional love.
My father is the one who has the most profounf influence on me. He is a businssman, and he knows a lot about how to run his business in a profitable way. I believe that my sense of business is at lease partly related to his influence over the years.
I'm happily married now, and I have a nice wife.
 
